Vmanomaly v1.10 changes (#864)
VictoriaMetrics/helm-charts: charts/victoria-metrics-anomaly/CHANGELOG.md

## Next release

> - apply [v1.10](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/changelog/#v1100) change in [models section](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/components/models/)(does not break previous deploymet). 

Reviewer: a typo: deploymet -> deployment(s).

> - apply [v1.10](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/changelog/#v1100) change in [models section](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/components/models/)(does not break previous deployments). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- apply [v1.10](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/changelog/#v1100) change in [models section](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/components/models/): add configuration for using multiple models at once via `models`. Old `model` field is deprecated and will be automatically converted to `models` definition starting from [v1.10](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/anomaly-detection/changelog/#v1100).
```
